
JpgStrip v1.0 Freeware - Requires VB5 runtime files not included.

JpgStrip is a small utility that removes unnecessary information from
JPEG files. This is useful for graphics that are going to be published
to the web.

It removes comments, and unused extra tags. This can greatly reduce
the size of files. It does not decompress, and recompress the image,
so there is no image quality loss.

It works extremely well on Photoshop files that include thumbnails (it
removes the thumbnails). It will remove Macintosh headers, extra bytes
added to the end, and padding within the file.

JpgStrip can make backups of the originals, renaming them with an 'OLD'
extension (be warned - this will quickly eat up your hard disk space),
or JpgStrip can permanently replace the original (there is no undo).

JpgStrip can create a JS.LOG file in the affected folder. It contains
details about the process, including any errors or problems.

To install simply put the executable file in a new folder, and create
a shortcut somewhere.

JpgStrip is freeware, and includes VB5 sourcecode. It requires, but does
not include the VB5 runtime files. They are available from many places on
the web.

You are welcome to use this program for your own personal or business needs.
You may distribute this program freely, as long as you keep the original
archive with all files intact.

You may not charge to distribute this program, except a small fee for CD-ROM
distribution. If you like this software, please drop me a line, or donate
some coffee :) My email address is...

davidc@qtm.net

My source code is poorly documented. You may use parts of it in your own
applications, but you can not claim the program as your own without making
*substantial* changes to it.

If you find a JPEG file that this program corrupts, please let me know,
and emailing me the original (unprocessed) file would help.

Licence : Freeware
Système : Windows 95/98/Nt/2000 VB5 Runtime Files
Auteur  : David Crowell

http://www.qtm.net/~davidc

JpgStrip v1.3 Freeware as exe:

http://www.ksurf.net/~bermania/prog/dessin/jpgstrip.zip